must be nice to be back home well it's
complicated I have a billion fans and
they're all expecting me to win maybe
this time you will
I wasn't feeling so good and so the
nurse is hard to send me home what they
well I'm almost home i'll make you some
soup and we can watch jeopardy all right
y'all see you soon okay all right
hello before we start I'd just like to
assign lane to Costa violation of Penal
Code 2219 today the bus stop 30 40 yes
that's exactly where I wanted to talk to
it you see I believe there's been a
misunderstanding let me get extension I
was pulling it they settle down hi guys
what the hell's going on oh my god I'm
gonna die Kenny listen to me hey calm
down alright are not gonna die will you
tell us what the hell's going on knows
what happened spider bit me David what's
where where where did happen there's a
freedom rider he's in prison right now
in Birmingham with Martin Luther King
you will you know how he is guessing
he's pretty beat up based on his record
he must be used to it yes sir